Reformat headings from bold to h4. (#4729)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-sign-in-widget-styling/main/index.md

---

#### Learning outcomes

Find out how to modify and customize the look of the widget.

#### What you need

[Widget that is updated to the latest available release](/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-sign-in-widget/main/)

---

## Modify the style of your sign-in page

> After you upgrade your widget to Okta Identity Engine, you can modify the look of the initial sign-in page. See [Style the self-hosted Sign-In Widget](/docs/guides/custom-widget/main/#style-the-self-hosted-sign-in-widget) for examples and information on how to [modify the initial sign-in page](/docs/guides/custom-widget/main/#initial-sign-in-page) and how to make your own customizations to the widget. For example, [increasing the widget's width](/docs/guides/custom-widget/main/#widget-positioning-width) and [adding a background color](/docs/guides/custom-widget/main/#background).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you upgrade your widget to Okta Identity Engine, you can modify the look of the initial sign-in page. See [Style the self-hosted Sign-In Widget](/docs/guides/custom-widget/main/#style-the-self-hosted-sign-in-widget) for examples and information on how to [modify the initial sign-in page](/docs/guides/custom-widget/main/#initial-sign-in-page) and how to make your own customizations to the widget. Widget customizations include updates such as [increasing the widget's width](/docs/guides/custom-widget/main/#widget-positioning-width) and [adding a background color](/docs/guides/custom-widget/main/#background).
```
